features: add ContextualLogging (#32452)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  for fsGroups when mounting a volume in a Pod. See
  [Configure volume permission and ownership change policy for Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#configure-volume-permission-and-ownership-change-policy-for-pods)
  for more details.
- `ContextualLogging`: Enables more informative log output in components that
  use the [corresponding logging

>   calls](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/3077-contextual-logging#feature-gate).

Reviewer: Is there any documentation on https://k8s.dev/ about contextual logging? Ideally, we'd make sure that there was.

Author: Not yet, because it currently doesn't make a difference for end-users.

Author: See content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-logs.md for an explanation based on the example command.

> - `ContextualLogging`: Enables more informative log output in components that
>   use the [corresponding logging
>   calls](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/3077-contextual-logging#feature-gate).

Reviewer: Do we need this feature gate in the v1.24 release if no component uses it?

If it has to go in, how about:
```suggestion
- `ContextualLogging`: When you enable this feature gate, Kubernetes components that support
   contextual logging add extra detail to log output.
```

Author: > Do we need this feature gate in the v1.24 release if no component uses it?

The feature gate will appear in the help output for `--feature-gates`, so for the sake of completeness it probably should be document. But I don't have a strong preference either way.

Your proposed wording sounds good to me.

Just one nit: is `ContextualLogging` a feature *gate* or a *feature*?

According to the code, it is a [feature](https://github.com/kubernetes/component-base/blob/1ed05ebc238877c1509620ecf30628b2b82c047a/featuregate/feature_gate.go#L33) that gets controlled via a [feature gate](https://github.com/kubernetes/component-base/blob/1ed05ebc238877c1509620ecf30628b2b82c047a/featuregate/feature_gate.go#L86-L87).

Author: On the other hand, the command line option is `--feature-gates` (plural) although there is only one such gate in a component...

Reviewer: The new _feature_ is “contextual logging” (see https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/3077-contextual-logging for the display title). The _feature gate_ that you must enable to try it out is named `ContextualLogging`. You can enable or disable other feature gates too.

Author: This is then not consistent with how the code defines "feature" and "feature gate", but that's okay. It just makes talking about code changes awkward.
